## Platypus

Serials are configured as `Articles` via the [Platypus CMS](https://platypus.29.io/) provided by 29th Street Publishing.
  
This will bypass the cache for this single page load.

### Customisable Pricing
Pricing per episode can be set within Platypus.
 
Default pricing is:
 
+ Text only: $1.99 (item price)
+ Audio only: $1.99 (item price)
+ Text & Audio Bundle: $2.99 (bundle price)
 
On the website, we display the item price. If you set the item price to less than the original, the original price is shown with a line through it before the custom price.
 
#### Free Pricing
In order to make an episode free you need to set the bundle price to 0. When you do this, the following occurs:
 
+ The `Buy` button changes to `Get` and the original price is shown with a line through and `Free` below it.
+ If a logged in user clicks the `Get` button, both SKUs (text and audio) are added to their library.
+ If a non logged in user clicks the `Get` button, they are prompted to sign up/in, after signing in both SKUs are added to their library.
+ If a logged in user goes directly to the episode page it is added to their library and they view it straight away.
+ If a non logged in user goes directly to the episode page they are prompted to sign up/in, after signing in both SKUs are added to their library.


### In-app Purchases

In-app purchases must be created within iTunes Connect for every episode that is going to be sold. These must be created ahead of time as Apple has a review process for all in-app purchases.
 
Using `Fair Weather` Episode 3 of Bookburners with an SKU `com.serialboxpublishing.serialbox.article.3` as an example, the following need to be created:
 
You can create an in-app purchase by doing the following:
 
1. Login to [iTunes Connect](https://itunesconnect.apple.com/)
2. Go to `My Apps`
3. Click `Serial Box Publishing`
4. Click `In-App Purchases`
5. Click Create New
6. Under `Non-Consumable` click `Select`
7. Enter the details, including adding at least one language
8. Click `Save`
9. Return to the `In-App Purchases` screen
10. Select all in-app purchases which have not been approved
11. Click `Submit for review`

#### Text in-app purchase
+ Reference Name: `Fair Weather`
+ Product ID: `com.serialboxpublishing.serialbox.article.3`
+ Type: `Non-Consumable`
+ Price Tier: `Tier 2`
+ Language: `English`
+ Language Display Name: `Fair Weather`
+ Language Description: `Text version of Fair Weather, Bookburners Episode 3`
+ Review Notes: `Text in-app purchase for a new episode. Screenshot is example for existing released episode, will be the same for this new episode.`
+ Screenshot: [Image](https://s3.mzstatic.com/us/r30/Purple69/v4/db/23/05/db2305f5-13bb-3189-cd79-6deb08dab7b9/mzl.erbrjstj.png?downloadKey=1443558581_919f9191511acbe7b59b09a45df056b9)
 
#### Audio in-app purchase
+ Reference Name: `Fair Weather Audio`
+ Product ID: `com.serialboxpublishing.serialbox.article.3.audio`
+ Type: `Non-Consumable`
+ Price Tier: `Tier 2`
+ Language: `English`
+ Language Display Name: `Fair Weather Audio`
+ Language Description: `Audio version of Fair Weather, Bookburners Episode 3`
+ Review Notes: `Audio in-app purchase for a new episode. Screenshot is example for existing released episode, will be the same for this new episode.`
+ Screenshot: [Image](https://s4.mzstatic.com/us/r30/Purple69/v4/dc/e0/ef/dce0ef66-119e-00cc-6aa0-107930011a4a/mzl.yiaowcil.png?downloadKey=1443569710_dc5af6c5974896ab5b532c7cc599a3a3)
 
#### Text and Audio in-app purchase
+ Reference Name: `Fair Weather Text and Audio`
+ Product ID: `com.serialboxpublishing.serialbox.article.3.bundle`
+ Type: `Non-Consumable`
+ Price Tier: `Tier 3`
+ Language: `English`
+ Language Display Name: `Fair Weather Text and Audio`
+ Language Description: `Text and Audio version of Fair Weather, Bookburners Episode 3`
+ Review Notes: `Text and Audio in-app purchase for a new episode. Screenshot is example for existing released episode, will be the same for this new episode.`
+ Screenshot: [Image](https://s4.mzstatic.com/us/r30/Purple3/v4/93/3c/cb/933ccb43-bc31-48f1-c94f-15293e34dba5/mzl.diyikama.png?downloadKey=1443569829_828daf5242df32db688a838ec6b64faa)
 

### Previewing Content
You can preview an episode without releasing an episode by visiting the preview URL: `https://dev.serialbox.com/episodes/EPISODE_ID/preview`
 
The Episode ID can be found by going to the Article page in Platypus and copying the ID in the URL which comes after `/article/`, e.g. The ID for the URL `https://platypus.29.io/#/article/5553e1feada6e220e644e9c0` would be `5553e1feada6e220e644e9c0`.
 
This will bypass the cache for this single page load.
 
Please note, the episode number will be wrong, but you can check the formatting, share links etc.

### Custom Fields

We have setup a number of custom fields that are used in the web and iOS application to display content. This is a list of the different fields and what they do:

#### Article
+ Title: The Episode Title e.g. `Badge, Book and Candle`
+ Slug: Not used
+ Byline: The name of the main author shown on the Episode cover e.g. `Max Gladstone`.
+ Description: HTML text shown in the Info overlay
+ Pdf URL: URL of the PDF version saved on Cache Fly
+ Mobi URL: URL of the Mobi version saved on Cache Fly
+ Epub URL: URL of the Epub version saved on Cache Fly
+ Cover Image URL: URL of the Cover Image saved on Cache Fly
+ Icon Image URL: Not used
+ Divider Image URL: URL of the image used for the dividers in the episode body saved on Cache Fly
+ Number: The number this episode is in the Serial, starting at 1
+ Display Date: Used to show the coming soon date for the next unreleased episode. It must be in the format: `YYYY-MM-DD`, e.g. `2015-10-20`
+ Divider Color: The HEX color reference for the divider line in the episode body e.g. `#36d6b7`
+ Divider ID: Not used
+ Strapline: The lead text shown in the Episode listings
+ Icon ID: Not used
+ Cover ID: Not used
+ Body: HTML text of the episode
+ Shortened URL: The short URL used in share text. Ensure it's a full URL e.g. `http://bit.ly/1Jym6jE`
+ End Share Text: The text shared at the end of an episode
+ End Title Text: The title above the share button at the end of an Episode
+ End Button Text: The share button text at the end of an Episode
+ Reading Share Text: The text shared during an Episode
+ Serial Share Text: The text shared on the Serial page

### Body Formatting

The body of the episode needs to be valid HTML.

#### Chapter Numbers

Chapter numbers can be inserted using the following HTML:

{% highlight html %}
<h3 id="1">1</h3>
{% endhighlight %}

#### Dividers

Episodes can have custom dividers by using the following HTML:

{% highlight html %}
<hr>
{% endhighlight %}

Dividers are configured by the following custom fields:
  
+ Divider Image URL: URL of the image used for the dividers in the episode body saved on Cache Fly
+ Divider Color: The HEX color reference for the divider line in the episode body e.g. `#36d6b7`

#### Paragraphs

Paragraphs should be formatted using the following HTML:

{% highlight html %}
<p>Sal Brooks would have described herself in a police report as early thirties, female, brown hair, five nine, exhausted, borderline breakdown case, shaking hands, haunted eyes. Then she’d have deleted everything after “nine” and continued with the details of the incident. In this case: Forensic analysis of the museum theft yielded an Astoria address. Arriving on the scene with warrant in hand, Detective Collins and I were fired upon from the window by a white male, late forties. After a brief exchange of fire, Detective Collins forced the door. Behind the door—</p>
{% endhighlight %}

### Description Formatting

The description needs to be valid HTML.

#### Examples

{% highlight html %}
<h1>Previously, on Bookburners...</h1>
{% endhighlight %}

{% highlight html %}
<p>Sal Brooks was an NYPD detective who found herself in over her head when her brother Perry was possessed by a powerful demon called the Hand.  With the aid of Team Three (of the Societas Librium Occultorum, a Vatican-backed covert magic-hunting organization), Sal managed to defeat the Hand, leaving Perry in a coma. Sal joined the Team, hoping to find a cure.  Now, she travels to Vatican City to meet the rest of the Society.</p>
{% endhighlight %}

{% highlight html %}
<h2>Character Refreshers</h2>
{% endhighlight %}

{% highlight html %}
<h3>Sal Brooks</h3>
{% endhighlight %}
